update: add issue about JVM test frameworks and Gradle to compatibility guide 1.5 (#2231)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/compatibility-guide-15.md

> **Deprecation cycle**:
>
> - 1.4: deprecate `Double.toShort()/toByte()` and `Float.toShort()/toByte()` and propose replacement
> - 1.5.0: raise the deprecation level to error

> 

Author: Is an empty line obligatory?

Reviewer: Why do you ask? I don't know if it's technically required but it's always good to have one before each heading.

> **Deprecation cycle**:
>
> - 1.4: deprecate `Double.toShort()/toByte()` and `Float.toShort()/toByte()` and propose replacement
> - 1.5.0: raise the deprecation level to error

## Tools

### Do not mix several JVM variants of kotlin-test in a single project

> **Issue**: [KT-40225](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-40225)
>
> **Component**: Gradle
>
> **Incompatible change type**: behavioral
>
> **Short summary**: several mutually exclusive `kotlin-test` variants for different testing frameworks could have been in a project if one
> of them is brought by a transitive dependency. From 1.5.0, Gradle won't allow having mutually exclusive `kotlin-test` 
> variants for different testing frameworks.
>
> **Deprecation cycle**:
>
> - < 1.5: having several mutually exclusive `kotlin-test` variants for different testing frameworks is allowed
> - \>= 1.5: behavior changed,  
> Gradle throws an exception like "Cannot select module with conflict on capability...". Possible solutions:

> >    * consider using the same `kotlin-test` variant and the corresponding testing framework as the transitive dependency brings.
> >    * consider finding another variant of the dependency that doesn't bring the `kotlin-test` variant transitively, so you can use the testing framework you would like to use.
> >    * consider finding another variant of the dependency that brings another `kotlin-test` variant transitively, which uses the same testing framework you would like to use.

Reviewer: If you list a number of possible solutions, then the reader already considers them all :) 
```suggestion
>    * use the same `kotlin-test` variant and the corresponding testing framework as the transitive dependency brings.
>    * find another variant of the dependency that doesn't bring the `kotlin-test` variant transitively, so you can use the testing framework you would like to use.
>    * find another variant of the dependency that brings another `kotlin-test` variant transitively, which uses the same testing framework you would like to use.
```
